# Project Resident Evil

## Introduction
Resident Evil 2 is a survival horror game, produced by Capcom, that I have recreated into a text-based adventure game. The game greets you with a title screen, giving you the option to start the game, looks through the command list, or exit out of the game completely. The command list provides you with a list of valid commands that can be entered throughout the game. Once you enter the game, it will prompt you to choose one of the two main characters. Once a character is chosen, the story prompt will appear and will take you to the starting point of the game. From here, the player can enter inputs to control the characters throughout the game.

## Design & Implementation
I initially started building this game with “while True” loops throughout the code for user inputs to continually loop through the current scene and check if their inputs would match the logic of the game. I then realized that this was a poor choice and began to create functions and inserted those “while True” loops into those functions, and then call the functions later on when I needed them. This allowed me to create the logic beforehand, and then whenever I needed the story to progress, or end, I could just call the function and make the code look a bit cleaner.

I found it very difficult to follow the flow of my logic at times because I would get confused on how certain parts of the game was supposed to work in my original design report. For example, once a player cleared the room and acquired an item, how can I build on top of that to make sure the user can’t keep getting the item repeatedly, or making the player leave the starting point and enter a new scene. These were issues that I had with my original design in which I was using “while True” loops because it would cause the same scene to be reoccurring. This is when I changed to nesting those loops into functions to prevent the same scene from occurring, allowing the player to progress throughout the game.
